docs: update max-body-size documentation (#4873)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/configuration/increase-request-size.md

---
type: docs
title: "How-To: Handle larger body requests"
linkTitle: "Request body size"
weight: 6000
description: "Configure http requests that are bigger than 4 MB"
---

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> The existing flag/annotation`dapr-http-max-request-size` has been deprecated, please update to `max-body-size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The existing flag/annotation`dapr-http-max-request-size` has been deprecated and updated to `max-body-size`.
```

> The existing flag/annotation `dapr-http-max-request-size` has been deprecated and replaced with the below. It will be removed in the next release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flag/annotation `dapr-http-max-request-size` has been deprecated and replaced with the  `max-body-size` flag/annotation.
```

Reviewer: @mikeee - Can you update the table in this article https://v1-16.docs.dapr.io/operations/support/breaking-changes-and-deprecations#Announced%20deprecations which is the list of deprecations. You can add announcement date of 1.14.0 and removal in 1.17.0. This is about preventing comments hidden in the docs about when etc.
